Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Stop it! I'm gonna win!
Behave properly for Mei's mom.
I will.
- I'll watch them tomorrow.
- Thanks.
- Be good.
- Okay.
Be home by dinner.
- See you later.
- Thanks.
Go inside.
Mei!
Stay in the house while I go
buy some snacks. okay?
- Okay!
- Good.
Wait for me!
Come here!
Wait! Wait!
I'd better hurry.
Rock. Scissors. Paper.
One more time.
Eight. Nine. Ten.
Are you ready?
Not yet!
Are you ready?!
Not here.
Go somewhere else.
Are you ready?
Not yet.
There were only four inside.
Really?
Have you heard about the weird man
roaming the streets?
I got a notice from the school.
- Scary.
- Yeah.
Next. please.
Mei!
Girls!
Mrs. Suzuki?
Hi. Is Yuhka home?
Yeah. she's here.
Is Mei with her?
What?
She disappeared when you were
playing hide-and-seek. right?
- Yeah.
- The last time we saw her.
We couldn't find her...
I just texted everyone.
Thanks.
Nobody's seen her.
- I'll go and look around.
- Okay.
Me too.
- Thank you.
- We'll find her.
Stay inside.
I'm here.
Sorry. Excuse me.
- Your wife.
- Thanks.
Hi. What's up?
What?!
Excuse me.
- Excuse me.
- Mr. Suzuki.
Are you okay?
Did you find her?
We'll keep you updated.
Thank you.
Thanks.
You okay?
Sorry...
Dollhouse
"1 year later"
"Moving company"
No matter what I'm doing.
there's a gaping hole in my heart.
Not a day goes by
that I don't think about her.
But she'll be mad at me
if I keep moping.
So I try to smile at least once a day.
Thank you.
Next. Mrs. Suzuki.
Do you have anything
you'd like to share with us?
I...
The washing machine...
Take your time.
I...
I kept the old model...
I should've bought a new one...
So Mei...
Couldn't Breathe...
You should take a trip somewhere.
Do you want my robot vacuum cleaner?
Listen. I don't mean to meddle.
but there's a temple nearby
that cremates dolls.
I heard they conduct the ritual
properly and respectfully.
"Ritual burning of precious items"
"A memorial service for spirits
that inhabit cherished items"
"Open-air antique market"
I'm home.
Hi.
She was expensive. but I bought her
at an antique market.
Dinner's ready.
Here you go.
Why...
Nothing.
There.
Come and get this.
Okay.
- This?
- Hold on.
Now it's ready.
Here.
My doll is a pretty doll.
Big round eyes and fair skin.
A small charming mouth.
My doll is a pretty doll.
Hi. You're home.
Yeah... Hi...
Are you sleeping well?
Yes. I am.
Can you wake up fine?
Yes.
Do you have an appetite?
Yes. I do.
It seems bizarre at first glance.
but it's called doll therapy.
Dolls are often helpful
in mental health rehab.
Doll therapy?
- "Plush toy therapy"
- A plush toy can ease the pain of losing a pet.
A life-like reborn doll can...
- "Soulmate reborn dolls"
- improve symptoms of dementia.
The benefits are recognized
all over the world.
Don't worry and play along
with your wife for a while.
I'll reduce the dosage
of her meds.
Okay.
There.
Hello. How old is she?
She's five.
Too big?
- Let's look over there.
- Okay.
Look at the sea!
A beautiful day.
- Is it ready?
- Yeah.
- Here we go.
- Okay.
Look this way.
Say. "cheese."
It's here already?
- You're home.
- Hi.
New models are complicated
with so many features.
It worked.
Good.
Yeah. I have to get used to this.
Suzuki.
You have a consultation today?
No. I saw a gynecologist.
Why?
My gosh... Are you...?
Good girl.
This goes here.
It's not done yet.
It will be soon.
The final part.
Okay.
You should sit.
Here you go.
Thanks.
She's so cute when she's sleeping.
Mai. sweetie... Mai...
Mommy. look here.
You're going overboard.
Mai. this way.
That's too close.
Mommy. you're in the picture too.
Yes. yes. yes.
Let's go.
Ready?
- Let's go.
- Yeah.
Look here. honey.
Do you like this?
Or this one? Which?
Here.
My doll is a pretty doll
Big round eyes and fair skin
A small charming mouth
What a convenient new product.
Not new at all.
It's been around for years.
Is that right?
I'm so relieved.
I was worried watching you
with that doll.
I'm sorry about that.
Looking back. I realize
I wasn't in my right mind.
The doll...
I'm here. sweetie.
What?
Uh-oh...
Oh no...
It's okay. Mommy's here.
Everything's fine.
What?
Ew...
It's Japanese. right?
What does it say?
What does what say?
This.
What were you saying before?
- Hair...
- Hair tourniquet.
It prevents blood flow
and could even cause tissue death.
The mother's hair gets
wrapped around by accident.
It wasn't my hair.
There.
"5 years later"
What should we make?
Scissors with the right hand.
scissors with the left hand.
Mr. Crab... Mr. Crab...
Mom!
You want me to carry you?
What a baby...
Mai. what do you want for dinner?
Pudding.
That's for tomorrow's snack.
Dad needs to eat more.
Then a melon bun.
Melon bun?
We're home.
Can I open it?
Oh no... Pick them all up.
Mom. can I play with Aya?
Huh? Who?
Wow... I haven't seen her in a while.
Her name is Aya?
Yeah.
Mom!
You can play with her. but be careful.
We've had this doll for many years.
Okay.
Old Japanese dolls use real human hair.
so I heard it keeps growing.
Real human hair? Whose?
Nails too?
Maybe.
No! I'll scold you like Mom!
She could be scary at times.
but she's usually really nice.
Really? Did it hurt?
Were you sad?
What did Aya say?
It's our secret. right?
What happened?
I can't sleep as Aya keeps hurting me.
Why would she do that?
She's jealous of me
for getting all the attention.
It's okay.
She's harmless.
Go to sleep.
There.
See? Everything's okay now.
- Sorry about the mess.
- Your house is immaculate.
Boo!
Scary!
Watch it.
No more paper bags.
That's no fun.
Why don't you show her your doll?
- Really?
- Gently. okay?
Have fun.
Come on in.
Don't go to any trouble.
We'll leave soon.
Of course. I won't go to any trouble.
Does that doll really talk?
Yeah! Aya can talk!
You're lying.
This old doll wouldn't talk.
But she does.
Let me see.
See? Nothing.
Stop it! Don't do that!
She's not talking.
Stop it!
- Milk with your tea?
- Yes. please.
Here you go.
Ew. I just bought this yesterday.
- I'll make you a new cup.
- Thanks.
We get through so much milk
as kids get older.
I know.
What's wrong?
Stop crying and tell me.
Mai!
Why did you do that?!
It wasn't me.
Then who bit her?
Aya.
Don't lie.
Apologize to Rena.
I'm not lying!
Just a scratch.
No big deal.
Don't worry about it. Mai.
Ready?
We're sorry.
Okay... Fine.
Will you apologize to Rena tomorrow?
Yeah.
And... what else?
Let's play hide-and-seek.
No hide-and-seek.
Remember?
- Then. ghost game.
- Later.
Let's play!
I'm organizing your sister's photos.
I don't have a sister!
Don't say that!
Stop running around.
Give me a break.
Mai!
Yeah?
Why did you do this?
I didn't.
It must've been Aya.
That's impossible!
Don't lie to me like that!
I'm not lying!
Sit!
Ow!
Mai!
Mom. I hate you!
Children at this age often lie
because they can't tell the difference
between imagination and reality.
I see...
There's something
I wanted to ask you too.
About what?
Mai drew these pictures.
Do you know why?
When I asked her. she said
Aya told her to draw them.
Who's this Aya?
What did you say?
It's creepy how
the doll seems to be alive.
Last night? Mai must've left it
in our bed.
Look at the pictures she drew...
Good morning.
I have to go. Bye.
What's for breakfast?
Good morning.
See you this afternoon.
Have fun!
See you later!
You're home?
Early shift today?
"Please separate your garbage.
Manager"
Wait!
Will you take this?
Let's see...
Okay.
Let's go.
- Moving ahead.
- Okay.
Step Away!
Stand Back!
Stay Away!
You could get hurt!
Can you hear me?
Are you okay?!
I'm opening it!
He's still breathing!
Can you respond?
I don't know...
Not that far on the bullet train.
What is it?
The Doll's talking.
You don't know what a train is?
What about a car?
Look.
Aya. do you miss your family?
No? Okay then.
You can stay here forever.
I'll play with you.
I'll help you change your clothes.
I knew it... The doll is alive.
This explains everything.
The hair... It was all
because of the doll.
Mom. you're it.
No hide-and-seek.
Aya wants to play.
I'm ready!
I found you.
Ow!
Mai! Enough already!
I told you so many times not to...
Is she okay?
Just a superficial injury.
No brain hemorrhage.
Thank Goodness.
- It's my fault...
- Forget it.
Hello.
Do you have time for a checkup?
It won't take long.
Oh...
Why not?
Okay...
Have you noticed anything
different about your wife?
She's freaked out by this doll.
I see.
Have you seen this?
Mai. may I?
What?
Mai. who did this?
If I tell you.
it'll happen again.
I got you a bed for a short-term stay.
What?
For a little rest.
You seem exhausted.
I'm fine.
Who'll take care of Mai?
My mom took her. She's looking
forward to spending time with her.
Did Mai... take the doll with her?
Yeah.
Get it away from her!
That doll is dangerous!
There's nothing wrong
with the doll.
It's you.
What?
Mai had scratches all over her body.
No need to rush.
Let's take it slowly. okay?
I'll bring your things tomorrow.
Okay.
Do one favor for me.
Take the doll to the temple.
Temple?
Your mom said there's a temple
that cremates dolls.
If it'll make you feel better...
Please send us photos
of the doll's face. body. and the box.
Okay. When is the ceremony?
Next month. Your request is
too late for this month.
Next month?
"Doll... Rei... Kokichi Yasumoto."
"Kokichi Yasumoto"
"A Dollmaker in the Early Showa Period."
"An expert at integrating techniques
of life-like dolls and play dolls."
"He worked out of Kurakawa County
in Niigata Prefecture."
"His only daughter. Rei. loved
a doll that he made for her."
"and kept it with her
at all times."
Suzuki speaking.
This is Terashima from the temple.
The doll in the photos should
be cremated ASAP.
What?
I'll include it in tomorrow's ceremony.
May I pick it up in the morning?
You'll come pick it up?
We're making an exception
for this doll...
- "Rei doll" "Cursed doll"
- Please hand it over to us in the box.
We'll cremate it tomorrow
with our deepest respects.
"Catch the living doll!"
- Red Kattsun!
- Blue Masashi!
- Green Mikurin!
- Pink Ayutan!
Yellow Tontoro!
- Together we're...
- The Occult Rangers!
"Occult Rangers"
We're on our way to the haunted
Kanna Island in Niigata Prefecture.
We'll look for a living doll that has
become a frightening urban legend.
Dollmaker Kokichi Yasumoto's daughter. Rei.
disappeared in the village.
She was never found despite
a major search by the police.
Kokichi's wife. Taeko. who was
traumatized by the incident
started believing that Rei's doll was Rei
and always kept it by her side.
Taeko died with the wish to be laid
in the coffin with the doll.
After they were buried on Kanna Island.
the doll escaped from the grave.
and continues to search
for her owner. Rei.
Scary!
Hold on.
If Rei is still alive.
she'd be like 90 or 100. right?
Sounds right.
She's totally ancient.
"Later..."
Here we are at the legendary island!
- Yay!
- Woo-hoo!
A path appears once a day during
low tide so we can walk to the island.
- "Warning! No access during high tide."
- It's already starting to show!
Wait. Look at this.
We only have two hours.
I have a bad feeling!
Let's go catch the living doll!
"Fake enthusiasm as usual..."
"Will we find the living doll?!"
It's a total jungle!
"A jungle trek..." "In the end."
- Wow! - Yikes!
There's nothing here.
"Still empty-handed."
No grave anywhere.
I'm out of breath.
"After 2 hours..."
"The Occult Rangers leave the island."
Nothing scary about the island!
Ridiculous.
Mostly clear skies across the nation
except for the southwestern islands
and northern regions...
Ick!
You woke up?
Want something to drink?
Let's see what we have.
What is it?
You're not thirsty?
Why don't I read to you in bed?
Let's go.
Hold on.
Where did I put it?
Here it is.
Why do you want it?
For the doll.
There's definitely something
creepy about it.
Yeah? Like how?
Really eerie. as if it's actually alive.
I know it's just my imagination.
but still...
Don't worry.
I'm having it cremated.
A priest is picking it up tomorrow.
Really?
Good.
I'll be there tomorrow.
Okay.
This is Nerima in Tokyo.
Aya. where's your house?
Niigata Prefecture?
Kurakawa County?
I don't know...
"Kokichi Yasumoto"
"Kurakawa County. Niigata Prefecture"
"Rei kanji name"
The same kanji is also used for names.
such as Nori. Masa. Aki. Michi. and Aya.
"Aya"
Aya...
I need the doll now.
Don't wake Mai up.
What happened?
Something came up...
I want you to watch something
on the baby monitor.
Okay. I'll be waiting.
Stupid machine...
What?
No...
Mai!
- Excuse me! Did you...
- Yes?
Did you see a girl around
five years old with a doll?
I saw two girls walking together...
What? Two girls?
On the bridge. holding hands...
Mai?
Don't move.
Wait there for Grandma. okay?
Mom! Mai!
Mai!
Mai. what happened?
Where does it hurt?
Where's Grandma?
I went to get my granddaughter
sitting on the railing...
No... It was...
It wasn't Mai.
Then something suddenly bit me.
I was terrified...
I don't remember anything else...
A female motorist saw her collapsed
on the bridge and called us.
It appeared to be
a traffic accident. but...
This is footage from a security camera
on the bridge.
Is this your daughter?
There's more.
Mai came home by herself. right?
Yes...
Okay.
I see.
Be careful.
Um... What does it say
on the pieces of paper?
I'll have to ask the chief priest.
Probably words of blessing.
Kokichi Yasumoto. who made this doll.
used to live in Niigata...
I know most of the story.
I see. It's a strange twist of fate.
This doll was buried with his wife.
Then why...
Perhaps it escaped from the grave
to look for the missing daughter.
You can't be serious...
The cremation ceremony starts at 10.
Okay.
The priest said the doll might have
been looking for its owner.
In any case.
I'm glad nothing happened.
Nothing happened?
You'll be discharged if everything
goes smoothly this afternoon.
Come get me at the nurses' station.
Overnight in a hospital
isn't real hospitalization.
I've heard rumors about it.
but I never thought I'd see it.
Just tell me if this is an authentic
Kokichi Yasumoto doll.
His signature and seal...
It's definitely authentic.
Awesome!
You exploited the ceremony.
It's just a ritual. a form of
emotional therapy for the owners.
You're asking for divine punishment.
So. how much is this worth?
Let's see...
It should've been wearing a kimono.
A minor detail.
I don't have it.
Then... 100.000 yen.
You must be joking.
I'll take it to another shop.
How about 120.000?
Divine punishment?
Bring it on.
Right?
- It's going down.
- How far?
88%.
Let's hurry to the ICU.
- Another blood sample.
- We're ready.
- Vitals?
- On it.
- Blood pressure?
- Still in the 70s.
When is the blood coming?
I'll check.
Mr. Suzuki?
Why...?
I thought you burned it today.
I'm afraid one of our priests
placed the wrong doll in the fire.
Wrong doll?
What do you mean?
I'm sorry. but this doll is
too much for us to handle.
I'll introduce you to someone
who specializes in cremating dolls.
Isn't it your specialty?!
I'm digitally challenged and don't own
a smartphone or a laptop.
The doll's photo?
The chief priest sent me a fax.
This is a disturbing situation.
Put the doll back in the case it came in.
And don't take it out. no matter what.
The case broke during the accident.
I see. That's no good.
Make sure nobody touches it
until I get there.
Okay. Understood.
- We'll talk later.
- Yes. thank you.
Wow! What's this?!
Don't touch it!
Sorry. Is it yours?
Give it to me.
Sure.
What?
I hear a sound.
Sound?
Yes.
Is this a child's tooth?
We could get fired for this.
I know.
What? I don't get it.
Why...
Why is the doll here?
Right... It's looking
for its missing owner...
I can see how you want an explanation
for these odd incidents.
We're handing it over to someone
who cremates dolls.
Cremate? You can't burn it.
It could be evidence
in a crime.
So... are you taking the doll?
Of course.
- But...
- It's over.
It's out of our hands now.
Let them handle it.
But...
Your husband is right.
It's so heavy.
What's inside?
Just things...
Thank you.
Mr. Suzuki?
Is that the doll?
This is very bad.
Hello. I'm Kanda.
I'm Suzuki.
He's from the Police.
Police?
Things happened...
Human bones?
Are you the doll cremation specialist?
I'm taking it with me
as part of our investigation.
I don't think the police
can handle this problem.
Don't tell me you believe it's alive.
If it is. I should quit my job and
start a new business with this doll.
Where are you going?
The crime lab in Maebashi.
May I ride with you?
Absolutely not.
Then may I follow your car?
Do what you want.
but you won't be allowed in the lab.
I at least want to make sure
he gets there safely.
Most of the cases I work on are
the clients' delusions or autosuggestions.
But this doll is different.
Why does that doll keep
coming back to us?
I'm not sure.
Tell me everything you know
about it. no matter how trivial.
Our daughter drew some pictures.
but I threw them away.
Mai on the baby monitor...
A video of her talking to the doll.
but I don't have it with me.
A photo of the glass case...
This. right?
The chief priest faxed it to me.
We can't read this calligraphy.
It's too complicated.
I don't blame you for thinking so.
but you can.
What?
It usually faces the person handling
the doll. but this is facing the doll.
It's backwards.
You're right.
"Rei... hyaku... yu... jun... nai..."
"Mu... sho... sui... kan?"
"Mu-sho-sui-gen."
It's a Buddhist mantra.
For what?
Reversing a curse.
Yeah. hello?
It's me. I'm on my way.
Postmortem inspection?
Yeah. Human bones in a doll.
A doll bought from an antique market.
Crazy.
What's crazier is that
the buyers think it's alive.
I'll be here.
No way...
Although it does look real...
Are you okay?!
I'll move the car!
Ow... Ow...
Stop the car.
Will you give me
a little more of your time?
No. We're done with the doll.
I understand. but he won't
snap out of it for a while.
Please don't leave me here.
Where do you want us to take you?
I contacted a doll collector
who studies Kokichi Yasumoto.
Will you drive me to his place?
Then you're free to go home.
- "History of Dolls by Muneharu Iketani"
- He might know what happened to Aya Yasumoto.
Now we can leave. right?
Yes. Thank you.
I'm Kanda.
Will you let me take a peek at it?
Wait.
Here it is.
It's authentic.
Definitely a Kokichi doll.
A child's bones are inside this doll.
So that story was true.
As a young man.
I was a police officer in a village
in Niigata Prefecture.
"Dollmaker's daughter missing"
A man named Kokichi Yasumoto
turned himself in.
so I took his statement.
His story was hard to believe.
Please take a seat.
His daughter was reported
to be missing. but he said.
it wasn't the truth.
What?
My doll is a pretty doll.
Big round eyes and fair skin.
A small charming mouth.
Aya was a frail child.
and stayed home all the time.
Her mother. Taeko. felt sorry for her
and attempted a double suicide.
But only Aya ended up dying.
Kokichi. who found them.
did something unimaginable
to cover up Taeko's crime.
He covered Aya's bones with clay.
and used her hair and fingernails
to create a doll.
It turned out to be the most
beautiful doll he had ever made.
He respected Taeko's dying wish.
and buried her with the doll
on Kanna Island.
You mean the doll was Aya herself?
The Police went to Kanna Island to look
for evidence and found the grave.
But there was no doll in there.
only Taeko's remains.
Then how did it end up
in an antique market?
Kokichi dolls were valuable
commodities at the time.
Prime targets for grave robbers.
I'd been trying to find the Aya doll
for many years.
I was ready to spend my whole life
searching for it. but I was wrong.
Take that doll and leave my house.
Mr. Kanda.
Can we return Aya to her mom?
Her mom? You mean
go to the island in Niigata?
They were forced to separate.
But...
I'm going to. so don't worry.
It's my job from here on.
Will you drop me off at a station?
You're going there alone?
I'll take him.
You go home to Mai.
I'll go with you. I want Aya
and her mom together again.
I want to see this through.
Please.
Things could get extremely disturbing.
Are you ready for it?
Kanna Island used to be known
as being haunted.
Have you been there?
Certainly not. I wouldn't take the risk
without a good reason.
It didn't seem too scary
in a ghost hunt video on YouTube.
by The Occult Rangers
or something.
"Catching a living doll
on Kanna Island."
That's it.
We're The Occult Rangers!
We're on our way to the haunted
Kanna Island in Niigata Prefecture.
There's nothing here.
No grave anywhere.
People must've stopped going there
for a jungle trek.
No. it's scary enough.
Why?
Watch the last part.
"The Occult Rangers leave the island."
Right here.
How many people were
in the car?
Five. I think.
Blue. yellow. green. pink.
and red?
Red is taking the video.
Oh...
Then who's this?
It's more than
a playful ghost hunt.
"Hot springs"
Hello. Please register here.
Okay.
May I borrow this map?
I'll return it later.
"Kanna Island"
Why does he want us to leave
valuables behind?
I have no idea.
This is usually done at my shrine.
but we have no choice today.
Turn off the lights.
Okay.
Sit here.
Scan and enlarge this area.
Let's see...
Triple the size.
How many more times?
Maybe two or three. Then...
No!
I can't...
Stay put.
Can you find my camera?
I got it!
I failed.
What?
You need proper medical attention
at a hospital.
I'm sorry. I have to leave
at this critical stage.
Use this when you reach the target area.
A metal detector.
People were buried
with coins back then.
so you should find the coffin
where it reacts.
Shall we?
Yes.
A shrine gate...
And graves nearby.
No gate or graves...
Are you okay?
Look. There it is.
We have to hurry.
30 more minutes
or we'll be stranded!
- "Setsu Nagashima"
- Not this.
- "Toyoko Segawa"
- Not this either.
- "Taeko Yasumoto"
- This is it.
Forget it! We have to go!
Hold me!
No.
Hey!
Mom!
Hi. Honey!
I missed you!
Mai... Why are you so heavy?
I can't breathe...
Mai!
Take it easy...
This isn't real!
Don't be fooled!
Get me out of here!
Mai!
Move away!
I'll get you out!
Don't worry!
Stop it! Please!
Stop!
Are you okay?
Mei...
Is it you. Mei?
Help Me!
Mei?
Mei. wait!
Mei!
Thank you. Mei...
Here you go.
Yay.
Looks good.
Let's eat.
- Want one?
- Yeah.
It's good.
Here.
I haven't heard from them
for over a week.
Going up.
The doors are closing.
Is this it?
Yes. I wanted to watch the video.
Aya. where's your house?
Niigata Prefecture?
Kurakawa County?
I don't know...
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Mom will take care of us.
Look...
What happened?
You want my mom?
No. My mom is my mom.
You can't have her
even if you're my friend.
Really? You don't like your mom?
Because she hits you?
You...
You deserve this!
Oh no!
We were wrong.
Aya hates her mother.
We shouldn't have taken
the doll there.
Mom! Dad!
"Dollhouse"
"Masami Nagasawa"
"Koji Seto"
"Original Story. Screenplay. Director:
Shinobu Yaguchi"
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm